# DTR Memo
## Project: Pivot
### Group Member Names: Thom, Kami, Mark

* What does each group member hope to get out of the project? What are your goals and expectations for the project?
  * M: Challenging, but a good challenge.
  * K: I like complexity of project, its gonna be harder to conceptualize, but it’ll be good.
  * T: Excited that we chose lending because it has more math and activerecord and complications on the backend. I also hope to get some styling.


* When are group members available to work together? What hours can each group member work individually? Are there any personal time commitments that need to be discussed?
  * M: Tonight. Saturday Afternoon. Thursday afternoon SABs
  * K: Signed up for pairing next monday. Prefer evenings. Split up responsibilities. 6 - 7pm stop time. Split after that.
  * T: Mondays afterschool - posse. Thursday lunches - posse, friday student electives - posse.


* How will group members communicate? How often will communication happen, and how will open lines of communication be maintained?
  * M: Slack for code snippets. Asynchronous is bad for maintaining relationships.
  * K: Agree with Thom. Slack is good for technical stuff. I like to check waffle before I do something.
  * T: I think if theres any problems, talk in person. Slack leads to more problems.


* What is each group member’s self-identified strength(s) technically? What does each group member want to improve on technically? How can the team assist with these improvements?
  * M: S - Overall picture. W - frustration during stress ful times
  * K: S - good at basic logic at fundamental level, good at debugging, decent at styling, W - seeing bigger picture, overarching planning, play with the buttons, not best planning strategy. Longer coding tend to check out.
  * T: S - basic logic of it. Feel strong with ruby and rails. W - new info, reading documentation, I get more pushy if I feel like I’m being ignored.


* Which feature(s) does each group member want to work on? Which feature(s) does each group member not want to work on?
  * M: I will work on anything that’s there.
  * K: nothing in particular i don’t want to work on. I can logically figure out what i want. Just the fundamental stuff is what i can grow on.
  * T: do - i like extracting logic and refactoring and also I think i would lik eot work on activerecord type stuff because i don’t know a ton of activerecord.


* What is the agreed upon Git workflow? What project management tool will be used? What is the agreed upon procedure for conducting code reviews before merging into master: who will review pull requests, and when?
  * M:  Same.
  * K: 25 point git workflow. No one does their own pull requests. Making an effor to squash.
  * T: Thom is going to teach us to rebase.


* What is expected of group members when they run into problems implementing a feature?
  * M: Communicate & Timbox.
  * K: Communicate.
  * T: Timebox it.


* How does each group member want feedback (both positive and constructive) to be delivered?
  * M: in-person
  * K: In - person, personal issues, sign of respect to talk about it.
  * T: In -person, specific thing to say to me, maybe pull me aside. Group united together.


* Is there anything else the group should know about personal work/communication styles?
  * M: Sometimes I like to put my headphones on and work.
  * K: If I seem to checkout, please hit me with something
  * T: I can get too engaged, I can get really excited and pushy and sometimes you might have to tell me to tone it down.
